the second day friends on how
develop how to deal with
emotions how not to let yourself go
let overwhelm by emotions
negative that we do not understand where
they come
we do not know how to put words we do not
do not know how to clarify them
and precisely today or how
how to determine our feelings
how to determine it was motion his
emotions that we can have
I appreciated that I speak of emotions
negative in this series the emotions
positive
I know everything I wish you
that's all I want you
to be in gratitude in the
well-being in serenity and a whole
lots of stuff in joy in
the enthusiast is so how
determine an emotion how how
understand how to know what
what exactly do we feel
but in fact it's very simple
know that in fact at the base people they
have they received so much emotion
they put back but he would put
so not in question actually on
their emotions that after a while
they are as assaulted actually by the
emotions and he thinks that in fact the
emotions it's just negative
that the emotions its bad it takes
especially not feeling emotions then
that as I wanted from yesterday it's
hyper-important feeling emotions
negative and me with even I'm going to you
to say that I prefer to feel
negative emotions that emotions
positive
it sounds weird but it's like that
why because emotions
negative that I feel that's all
just a signal that allows me to
to say that here I can go I can
do better in my life I can move on to
the action somewhere you can it's
quite important to me
so I have to go there and everything
heaps of stuff that really lets me
we understand what's in the bottom of
my guts to understand what's at
bottom of my subconscious and everything
simply to develop my life of
of advanced actually and not be paralyzed
like most people who those who
are as overgrown with their emotions that
are like assaulted who steal and mash
they are fuzzy are there they are here or
are bad but Saturday that's not even
Why
and in the end they lose they have a
loss of control over their emotions a
loss of control over themselves and sees
so the simple thing actually for
determine his feelings for
determine these words on six ask yourself the
question
it's as soon as you feel something
more negative is to ask the question
what feeling do I feel that it's
anger
is it sadness
is it worth it
is it feeling mediocre and
his crates what are you
feel and from there some
notches cantat as to decide which
feeling was exhausting took over what
feelings that therefore feels for example
anger rubs the question is this
that really is angry is that
really it's not rather than you're
injured
it's not rather you missed something
thing or that you feel that the spell
reject or where we have been flouted
your values ​​where a whole thing does not pose the
question actually because in fact the
anger does not come from the Holy Spirit does not
does not come by chance like that she falls
on you you 're angry no it's happening
not like that anger comes from whatever
thing in fact it's hyper important to
really know about the angry city by
example is to know where does this
anger so is it someone
leave to hurt
is it something that
is that you even since you yourself
you're hurt is what you yourself
you even get angry sometimes and it's a
not so if you feel an emotion
of rejection if an emotion of loneliness and
You arises the question is what it is
because you're separating a person that
you often like me it happened to me
it is that I sang a motion of
rejection of solitude or weight
loneliness and in fact I realized
that it was always after that
a person is consciously I had
not at all I had not taken anything
account that actually this person I
loved that person actually and that's it
it was really someone
I appreciated that I appreciated from the bottom of the
heart and actually when I was over with
she bah there I felt bad
and that's after I realized that
done by asking these questions that actually
these two people wow this is a
I appreciate a lot
and from there it was an indicator
in fact just for me to me
to say that to see in time it really takes
that I do things are really going
that I'm taking action for really
that here I am putting things in
place to be able to develop this
relationship with this person
because in fact it comes from the heart
comes from the guts it comes from the old
next and who tells me I 'm waiting for this
person and wings and huawei is
impact when you see what I mean
and that's where I left myself instead of
let me overwhelm by leaving the
disappointment by sadness etc
I precisely determine what and
the emotion that I exactly determine
precisely the emotion you have
what I'm doing is something that is
nice enough if I always played on
me and as soon as it's okay I'm talking to
I myself go to bed myself I write
what is it what is it going
not after I answer myself and
it's ultimately quite exceptional
it's a little schizophrenic but it's
hyper powerful because in fact you
rubbish but you talk to yourself and
in addition you take you take of the
dissociate actually from all this is happening
better to understand what is
pass in his head
why do you feel such feelings and
his fears a trick and after you can
determine precisely what the
problem and accurately determine
which student the action to put in place
so as not to be overwhelmed by
emotions to develop a better
life and we by not letting ourselves
overwhelm by by a lot of things
negative final
we are paralyzed as the like the
majority of people is we hope
now united nations motors not sell
motorbikes barely very emotional
important we are emotional beings on
lives in a world where emotions do not
not no one has had the finger
so not develop them tetris you do not go
no change was working shut up
you do not mind fucking boss in
that's the problem so
frankly if you really want to
to move to a higher level
really the key is really
make conscious to determine with
precision what are your emotions when
you feel and note all that
as I say and we'll meet again tomorrow
for a next video we'll have a
key or even more powerful and we 're going
really know how to master his
emotions to really be
humans and not robots
that said I hope because me that
interests me
we'll meet tomorrow for a
next video cha or kisses